there's certain conduct issues that you know you don't want to deal with
in house because it's gonna put not only that individual's career
at jeopardy but your yours as well as the leader you've got to figure
out which ones need to get past up and which ones can you handle
at your level certain things like you know anything that has to do with
domestic violence crimes out in town or crimes against the organization
those major type of things that's not something that you want
to keep your level that something needs to get elevated up for the
command to understand kind of take care of it and will relieve you
from having that that overall burden you don't want to be the only one
with the secret because it's going to come in and buy chin the end